Oh my god is that a mothherfucking geometry dash reference?! Oh my geometry dash is my favorite game, I'm glad that they made a reference about my favorite game. One time on my music class my teacher said "Kyrie eleison" Get it because it's a gd lvl made by a famous creator viprin?! One time I heard someone talking about nine circles, and I said "Oh my god is that a motherfucking geometry dash reference?! And they reported me to the astronauts to fling in space after they flinnged me to space and I was thinking in space get? Because thinking space!, i was knocked unconscious and i woke up to a crimson planet suffering get it?! Because crimson planet is a geometry dash level that i will never beat. One time i heard someone say "The golden" Get it? Because it's geometry dash reference, after that, they kidnapped me and took me to a shock therapy get it? Because it's a motherfucking geometry dash reference! One time i saw my classmate drinking a water that has a sonic wave logo in it and i said "Oh my god is that a motherfucking geometry dash reference?!" And my friend whips me with a belt. Also, i watched the news recently, and i saw a news about slaughterhouse and i said "Oh my god is that a motherfucking geometry dash reference" And my friend said " Can you get your life back on track?!" And i said "Oh my god is that a motherfuckinng geometry dash reference?!" And my friend screamed in the room get it? Because screamroom is a geometry dash level! One time my pastor talked about the hell inferno and i said "Oh my god is that a motherfucking geometry dash reference?!" And my pastor kicked in his church but it was worth it, because it's a geometry dash reference. One time i heard someone talking about tartarus, and i said "Oh my god is that a motherfucking geometry dash reference?!" And they kicked me. One time my mom bought us a aeonair conditioner and i said " Oh my god is that a motherfucking geometry dash reference?!" Get it? Because aeonair is a famous geometry dash content creator. TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN TRUSTA NERF GUN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
